feat: CLI commands `meltano cloud login` and `meltano cloud logout` (#7338)
meltano/meltano: src/cloud-cli/meltano/cloud/README.md

# Meltano Cloud CLI

`meltano-cloud` is a standalone CLI tool for interacting with the Meltano Cloud API.

## Configuration

`meltano-cloud` can be configured via
`meltano-cloud config set <setting name> <setting value>`.

> 

Reviewer: I was thinking that we would preserve `meltano-cloud config set` for project settings and secrets that would be stored in the cloud.

Is that still the case, or would this also be used for the below options like `auth_callback_port`?

We need to think a bit about collisions and behavior of get/set if so.

Author: That makes sense -- this line in the docs is actually outdated, as we had settled in another discussion on configuring exclusively via env vars and flags, since there are very few cloud-specific config options. I'll remove this here.

### Configuration File

Meltano Cloud configuration settings and credentials are stored in a JSON file.
`meltano-cloud` searches for this configuration file using [platformdirs](https://github.com/platformdirs/platformdirs).

If a configuration file is found but the configuration it contains
is invalid, `meltano-cloud` will raise an error rather than continuing its search.

### Settings

The following settings are configurable:

#### `auth_callback_port`

As part of authentication, `meltano-cloud` runs a lightweight, short-lived HTTP
server on `localhost` to handle authentication callbacks. By default, this

> server runs on port 8080 but can be configured to another port using this setting.

Reviewer 2: Is this out of date? I thought port 9999 was being used? This port number also appears in a couple other spots.

Author: yep, that is out of date. Updated. 

The only other place I could find it was in unit tests, which is fine. It can use any port locally but cognito will throw an error if you try to redirect to anything besides 9999 on localhost.

- Command line flag: `--auth-callback-port`
- Environment variable: `MELTANO_CLOUD_AUTH_CALLBACK_PORT`

> #### `base_url`
> 
> This is the base URL used for API calls to Meltano Cloud, `https://api.meltano.cloud`
> by default.
> 
> - Command line flag: `--base-url`
> - Environment variable: `MELTANO_CLOUD_BASE_URL`

Reviewer: Should this have the `internal.` prefix?

```suggestion
This is the base URL used for API calls to Meltano Cloud, `https://internal.api.meltano.cloud`
```

Author: Yep, will update.

#### `base_auth_url`

This is the base URL used for authentication calls to Meltano Cloud,
`https://auth.meltano.cloud` by default.

- Command line flag: `--base-auth-url`
- Environment variable: `MELTANO_CLOUD_BASE_AUTH_URL`

#### `organization_id`

This is the default ID for the Meltano Cloud organization to use in interacting with
the Meltano Cloud API.

- Command line flag: `--organization-id`

> - Environment variable: `MELTANO_CLOUD_ORGANIZATION_ID`

Reviewer: Do we need this to be configurable? 

If not, I prefer to drop it and avoid needing to support permanent user-facing organization IDs, which aren't yet a thing we're supporting/declaring for Cloud users here: https://github.com/meltano/cloud-docs/blob/main/docs/concepts.md

Author: I'd like to leave it configurable for ease of testing, but a middle path might be to remove from docs and not explicitly support it.

Reviewer: That makes sense. Wdyt of renaming with an "internal" prefix like "MELTANO_CLOUD_INTERNAL_ORG_ID"?

In that case, we can worry less about whether it's in the docs or not, since it's more self-documenting as non-user-facing.

#### `project_id`

For project-specific commands, this is the project ID to use by default in interacting
with the Meltano Cloud API.

- Command line flag: `--project-id`

> - Environment variable: `MELTANO_CLOUD_PROJECT_ID`

Reviewer: This is potentially confusing due to the name collision of Meltano Core `project_id` and the (internal) "Cloud Project ID". I prefer not to have any user-facing references to Cloud Project ID unless their clearly delineated as something different.

Can we remove from user-facing docs or maybe give a new name to this concept?

The obvious suggestion of `cloud_project_id` does result in the unfortunate "`MELTANO_CLOUD_CLOUD_PROJECT_ID`", but if we can work around this, I'd be fine with just calling it `cloud_project_id` - since that is different enough in my mind to still be clear from a variety of contexts.

FWIW, we don't have the ID listed here yet, but we should add it if we are going to make it user-facing: https://github.com/meltano/cloud-docs/blob/main/docs/concepts.md

### Setting Value Resolution

`meltano-cloud` resolves configuration setting values as follows:

- Use a value provided in a command-line flag, for example
  `meltano-cloud --project-id <project_id> <subcommand>`.

> - Use a value provided in an environment variable, for example `MELTANO_CLOUD_PROJECT_ID`.

Reviewer: Ditto comment above re "project id".

From this context, a user would likely assume their project_id from `meltano.yml` would work here. We probably should do one of the following:

1. Use `--cloud-project-id` to be explicit, OR
2. Take out the reference to project ID, OR
3. Rename to something different.
